## Sass

CSS on its own can be fun, but stylesheets are getting larger, more complex, and harder to maintain. This is where a preprocessor can help. Sass lets you use features that don't exist in CSS yet like variables, nesting, mixins, inheritance and other nifty goodies that make writing CSS fun again.

Once you start tinkering with Sass, it will take your preprocessed Sass file and save it as a normal CSS file that you can use in your website.

The most direct way to make this happen is in your terminal. Once Sass is installed, you can compile your Sass to CSS using the sass command. You'll need to tell Sass which file to build from, and where to output CSS to. For example, running sass input.scss output.css from your terminal would take a single Sass file, input.scss, and compile that file to output.css.

You can also watch individual files or directories with the --watch flag. The watch flag tells Sass to watch your source files for changes, and re-compile CSS each time you save your Sass. If you wanted to watch (instead of manually build) your input.scss file, you'd just add the watch flag to your command, like so:

  sass --watch input.scss output.css

You can watch and output to directories by using folder paths as your input and output, and separating them with a colon. In this example:

  sass --watch app/sass:public/stylesheets

Sass would watch all files in the app/sass folder for changes, and compile CSS to the public/stylesheets folder.

--> https://sass-lang.com/guide

## META TAG / SASS

<meta name="viewport" content="width-device-width, inicial-scale=1.0"> // min its the best pratice - start to design for the min, then for the larger screens, because it is faster and you need less jquery styles.

* {
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
  box-sizing: border-box;
}

neutralizng the css of the file, the default of the browser

--> vh and vw just for the outer most element of the page

--> % just for something inside the container

--> px for borders

--> em reltive to the size of the letter m of the parent

--> rem relative to the root size

@media screen and (min-heigh: 600px) {
  .container {
  width: ...
  float...
  }
}

## FLEX BOX

--> container:

display: flex;
flex-direction: column;

--> Children:

flex-basis: 33%
order: 1

## GRID

--> container:

display: grid;
grid-template-column: 1fr 2fr

--> centralize with flex

display: flex
justify-content: center;
align-items: center;

## HTML Data Attributes

### Custom Data Attributes using Ordinary JavaScript

## Responsive Design

### "Mobile First" Development

When developing a responsive web application, many developers adopt the Mobile First approach. The Mobile First approach dictates that all design of a new website should center around how it will be viewed and navigated on a mobile platform. Only when a mobile design is perfected, the team will then use CSS to adjust the sizes and layout of elements for desktop.

The rationale behind this approach is that it is much easier to adapt a good looking and well functioning mobile website for desktop, than to go the other way and to adapt a desktop one for mobile. In a mobile layout, an element needs to take up more screen space in order to be easy to view. In a desktop layout this is less necessary. If you design your website in a way that requires multiple, large elements to be visible at the same time, shrinking it to all fit on a small screen could prove more challenging.

--> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries

Media queries are useful when you want to modify your site or app depending on a device's general type (such as print vs. screen) or specific characteristics and parameters (such as screen resolution or browser viewport width).

